I am still alive
damn it
God bless you Mr. Beast
Bless your soul
It seems that there is no hope.
Everyone is pushing
Pewdiepie is to be replaced
Pewdiepie
Everyone’s media is cheering
awesome
This Indian company
It’s me except to discuss him.
But Mr. Beast
You saved me
I owe you a life, thank you.
I bought a bunch of advertising billboards.
Hey everyone, I bought a double-layer advertising board.
We won't mess up
On TV
Pick up your phone and go to Youtube to search for pewdiepie
Then subscribe to him
Broadcasting
No one kills the "stalk"
Faster and more efficient than this Swede
I still have the last move.
I haven't used it yet, okay?
Because I don't need to use him yet.
An Indian channel
Just over the pewdiepie to become the most popular youtube channel
You said that there are millions of dollars in companies and thousands of employees.
Upload 5-10 videos a day
There are advertisements everywhere, and people who read must understand Hindi.
Will fight against an independent homemade film
People who come to today
He made a film at home
It took 5-6 years to become the first youtuber
His fans all over the world
Made a lot of effort
Ok, this is a bit exaggerated.
Even if there are many because the copyright is warned
This is no exaggeration.
He doesn't care, he will continue to make videos for his fans.
And he is always the first in the hearts of fans.
This heart
It’s interesting that many people hate me very much.
They will definitely congratulate anyone
To replace me
a pile of acid
You can continue to acid for a few days.
Because we haven't lost yet!
Mr. Beast's influence
This is too crazy
Honestly
How much do I have now?
I have more than 6,000..
Really useful
When all hopes seem to fall through
It’s like a "magic ring"
When that moment comes, you know
You know what I am talking about, less coming.
Pentagonal, hexagonal
Octagonal type, main income type
what can I say
I learned the lesson because of my moral standards.
No other reason
Look at this, you really work hard
Not?
Put this on just remind
We are completely successful
Because T-series has almost no followers of Twitter
I do not quite understand
The whole thing made me too confused.
You may have won one, but you haven’t won yet.
They haven't won yet!
痾痾痾痾痾痾
Operating spacex and tesla
Hosting the stalk review with pewdiepie
Come on Elon, we need your help.
Please, Elon Musk, please.
Please, Elon Musk
Don't send this trash to me anymore.
There are very fake tweets now.
I think this is also fake.
Some people just can't let go
Look at another fake Twitter
Multi-original
Ok, we will shoot scared pewdiepie season 2
But will I do this?
It’s time to start*
I think this means
I think I am getting old, it is too young for me.
Imagine writing something but not erasing it
This gave me an idea
Imagine that you are now eight years old.
Someone
Someone lost, you know the stalk
Some are hidden, not everyone understands
When you were 80 years old, someone knocked you with Uganda’s ring.
Then there is a person like this
Degree, then put a face
Faces...not ancient relics, ancient symbols
represents..
Your face
Come back to me
Imagine writing something that cannot be erased
This announcement was posted by a pencil
The pencil help sponsors this film喔
Thank you very much for helping the pencil
Pencil help decide to join us against T-Series
Don't worry about pencils helping everything.
Felix, are you thinking in English or Swedish?
I don't know XD either.
Have you ever thought about your thoughts?
No, I never thought about it.
Should be in English
Sometimes I will say a lot of dreams, Mazia said that I speak Swedish.
So I think, I still have some Sweden over there.
Kick and call
He bought all the advertising billboards in this city for this
If you haven't seen this video yet
Go and have a look at the link.
Bless you Mr. Beast
If someone is standing out now
If there are other youtubers standing up in this war
The history of which side you will stand on
Channel (...)
I did this for pewds, I hope your naive audience will like it.
This is very interesting喔
Do not lie to you
Unless they don't accept my challenge!
You don't understand the taste of my Twitter followers at all.
You don't even want to know
Why are you crying so loudly?
I am proud of marzia making this major decision today.
Goodbye youtube
We can take an F to this chart.
At least she can't give me a channel.
So I can be a member of the T-Series, if there is sponsorship.
Felix don't forget to turn the five-minute film into ten minutes.
Why do you have to do it for five minutes?
Become twenty minutes
I wonder if I can get more time to watch.
Because you know, youtube mainly depends on your viewing time.
The longer the viewing time, the better
So if I do this
Try this movie to see how
Pewds: When are you going to review?
Elon: midnight
(patted)
Oh, this tweet is not completely fake.
I didn't expect it.
I am still waiting for you elon
We need you to help elon
Help me with elon sauce
I know that he understands this stalk.
Damn Hari House
I watched the video of hus, we will go to see doctor david tomorrow.
What is pewdiepie, why should I ask you to subscribe to him?
I made my part
When you find pewdiepie is not the first youtuber to get 69 million clicks
Come on, everyone, we have a goal.
We have a mission
Please
This is my only request to everyone.
In addition to hoping to subscribe to your lifelong subscription
In addition to this
But please, everyone, this is my only one.
I can buy youtube and delete the T-Series.
This is really a good idea.
Upload scared pewdiepie season 2
But why should I do this?
damn it
Just a little
I almost believed that this tweet is true.
Incredible
I plan to make a film about giving an apology to others to score points.
Do it
I have already done it, go see it. Still quite good
I hope I can have more apologies.
But after a long time, I don’t know why.
I wore pewdiepie clothes when I got married today.
Look at this, you are a virgin.
Washed
Even if you are only nine years old, you can find the true love of life.
All you need is to buy my goods.
I said this for a long time.
This is really great, thank you, I am honored.
To be honest, the product I reviewed is the one I support the most.
I just want to say thank you very much.
I really really appreciate it.
Felix is ​​now married in your clothes.
Just put the kids on Felix.
Just lick my wife.
Ok. Look at the next one.
Defender
Attacker
But the most important thing is he is the best, happy birthday Felix
This is really heart
Except today is not my birthday, you are staying
Logan Paul: Color blindness pretends to see the color, taste the dead mouse to open the real body joke
Get a high budget for his youtube movie
PewDiePie: Just kidding
in fact
Actually not a joke
To tell the truth..
It’s a joke, a joke
His program was cancelled because someone said he was a Nazi
It doesn't matter that he is a vegetarian now.
This really
Pretending that Felix has made Elon's humanoid legislation, then they are even co-hosted.
Nice, thank you
Elon Musk
Dr. Phil
Ben Shapiro
Prepare to host the stalk review together
come on
Come host
anyone
I am proud of Marzia’s own choice to make this major decision.
I hope that Marzia will find what she hopes in her life, and I hope that her future will be beautiful.
At the same time, I hope that T-Series will quickly come out with similar videos.
Look forward to it.
Imagine you can hear the sound inside
Everyone~
We are going to announce today~
Stop bullying~
I hope this has a second one.
Want all of them
I tried to contact this child.
But he did not reply
But I know that he left a comment in one of my films.
I know that you are listening.
Please, find your little friends.
I beg you
Find your little friends and say
Everyone~
We are going to announce today~
stem
Review ~~
Ok, absolutely great.
The fans of pewdiepie are still not looking at reddit
When will you be honest that you are doing your job?
Don't look at it later.
Let's go, I hope things are a bit different, okay?
You can't catch a Swede and say, sorry, Mr. Hitler Sa.
Please go to the founding of the country.
What should we do in Europe?
you can not do that
That does not work
This is it
This looks pretty like mine
Is that the child of Mr. Super!
I am wrong... I am right.
The test is to get F
Found that the teacher is trying to win some respect
This is true.. nice
Youtube, can you give me the money to pay the rent?
pay the rent?
Yes~
In fact, I imagined a boss to buy some useless belts.
I still keep those belts
If someone can teach me how to use them
that's great
Thank you
The troubles of the rich, right?
This is what I always said
The more money, the more troubles.
Goodbye youtube
Nothing is more fun than me.
The old days of the nest
Come to a pizza
Farewell to marzia
Imagine a subscribed button that looks like this
This picture is made by T-Series
喔~~~~~~~~~~
The Last Supper
That's right
Hello everyone, I am pewds, I want to discuss serious topics with you today.
Well, this is not bad.
Skulldino, are you doing this?
I want to confirm, yes.
God did a lot of it, it’s really good.
Thank you very much, very cool.
I don't know much about my channel.
Piewdiepie sugar candy
Styling chocolate candy
Can you do this?
Green packed lemon sugar, good
Pewdiepie pat
Oh my God
You lost the cookie when you laughed.
You lost if you ate.
This idea is not bad.
ordinary
Double speed, baby. Spicy
I hope you like this double-speed movie, if you like it, you can now switch back to normal speed.
If you like, just press
Kidding!
subscription!
Damn subscription!
This is our last chance
Listening well, I am fed up, okay?
I won't pretend that I like you.
because I know
I only care about one thing, just one thing.
More than 6.9 million earlier than that damn
You don't know what it is, you know what to do.
Otherwise, the epic brothers will be lost. Yes, I have to take back the previous brothers.
Unless we complete this great cause
Now you have a real motivation
Now you have a real challenge
Now you have a passionate task
Let’s have a good fight, damn never look back.
What are you doing here?
Fast roll
掰